fix(dialog): header separator and body full width (#1071)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/dialog/README.md

### Body

Use the `body` slot in order to add custom HTML to the dialog.  
Body slot after a header containing a subtitle will have a top separator.

```html preview
<style>
  html { /* for demo purposes */
    block-size: 420px;
    --dialog-max-block-size: 360px;
  }
  div {
  	margin-block-start: 24px;
  }
</style>

> <vwc-dialog open headline="Dialog Content" subtitle="Dialog with body contnent">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<vwc-dialog open headline="Dialog Content" subtitle="Dialog with body content">
```

</vwc-dialog>
```

#### Full width Body Slot

> For removing the body inline padding use `::part(body)`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the body inline padding use `::part(body)`. 
```
